## Ⅰ. Introduction 

### [1] Motivation of our project, 2OutFull / Expected results <br>
For too long, data has been treated as a liability and not an asset, often due to challenges to collecting, storing and managing massive volumes of it. Yet the ever-improving capabilities of big data platforms are creating undeniable opportunities for industries across the board – from medicine, construction, retail, to banking.
Therefore, data is becoming recognized as one of the most important assets for innovation today, especially in sports, where benefits are reaped by both sportsmen and viewers alike. What distinguishes the winners from losers when it comes to data-driven sports, is that they have developed the ability to manage data as an asset. Because of this importance, moderen sports are becoming data-based sports. We are witnessing data becoming entrenched in sports, especially in baseball. MLB, which stands for Major League Baseball, is based on high-level data analytic technologies like Sabermetrics. Information that people can get from these data technologies is essential for game watchers because they can predict their favorite team or player's winning probabilities by using it.

However, there is a limitation when people want to use the information that it is one-way provided. This means that people are only able to access the data only when broadcasters and commentators provide them. People cannot get the dataset that they are wondering and whenever they want. So we want to provide people with a user-friendly, easily accessible program through which people can get baseball related information whenever they want. Also to lessen the burden for people to search the information on the Internet, we are going to use the SKT NUGU AI speaker. This device will give interesting baseball game-related information to users much faster and easier.
<br>
<br>

### [2] Functions we provide
In MLB, there are a few Korean players running overseas. The list of the name of players and teams is as follows:
<br>
Name | Team name
---- | ----
Ryu Hyun-Jin | Los Angeles Dodgers
Choo Shin-soo | Texas Rangers
Choi Ji-Man | Tampa Bay Rays
Kang Jung-Ho | Pittsburgh Pirates
Oh Seung-Hwan | Colorado Rockies

**1) to provide Korean player's basic stat information**
- the number of games played
- the number of grounds out 
- pitching stats
- hitting stats
- season team stats
- the score that player eared(runs)
- OBP (On Base Percentage)
- SLG (Slugging Average)
- OPS(On base Plus Slugging) etc.

**2) to provide game schedules by teams and players**
Users can get the game schedule information by teams or players by asking related questions to NUGU AI speaker.

**3) to explain baseball glossaries to users**
Many baseball terminologies are abbreviations and hard to figure out at first glance. So we designed to get the meaning of those terms by asking NUGU AI speaker. We will refer MLB official site(http://m.mlb.com/glossary).
